hello guys welcome to this man
of the view the one between three moggi and the
shelf mod
this is a mod that in my opinion is
very important as a fashion even if a
in fact, first impact would not appear
as soon as I explain to you what I will do
sure that pretty much all of those
you will say that it is a right way of
beauty and does not have a utility the
always if but it's right to do cool
let's say it's actually not so
because a utility has it and there is
I will explain shortly but first what it does
this mode this is not a mod that
adds minecraft shelves to the
shelves in which we can store the
our objects and see them put to see
also aesthetically as I am
can store any kind of
object here and then see how it is
looking at what's inside are like
you have what you are seeing now it is now
what is this world for?
the usefulness of this way we make a
example then let's put the case I put
on my minecraft jar le rob reiner
brain just appeared in front of me and me
he wants to kill me he wants to trap
how to save the song all mine
stuff in the baskets but I don't know in which ces
I have no idea in those chest is mine
armor so I'll have to run to
baskets and look in which in which of the
basket hidden my armor since
maybe not ordered I have no idea
what is therefore wasting time e
that time could possibly cost me the
game
or better if you are in hard core vi
therefore it will cost the world
let's say it's a very bad thing if
die for because of these distractions
let's say this way it does come to you
meeting by introducing these
prophetic shelves and shelves marni e
we have the possibility to see immediately
what is contained therefore if that is theirs
brand that is chasing you that knocks me
at the door of the house
I run a shelf right away and take the
necessary and I prepare to fight
so i take everything in and
prepares me to fight in the brands
crew I immediately start all all
the armor so it seemed for the attack is
having said this saying we can move on
to the specificity of fashion as I said
this fashion adds shelves to
four different materials
ie woods and wood stone and brics eo
obsidian as it is created between these
shelves this ms go cascato
obviously from a weak crafting
obligatory anzio not
mandatory what I say is not
necessary signs in a card in the
ball you can buy them here you have to
put the material with which they are made
exactly like that
the form of l doing so you will
you can create your put you can
also stack them so let's say not
you have of which you have no problems like
maybe it happens with water bags
however all the objects that are not
stackable so you have that too
this facilitation we say and therefore vi
makes everyone know how to give up
always the same for all types of
materials does not change at all
nothing always so-so-so
no no oh well we lost it
and then the last is the wood point totò totò
so you want to place your libraries
as best you like then when many
focuses on square objects
of the object where you prefer e
have fun placing all yours
objects inside so randomly put like
in short, you prefer in short, vi
this mode will be very useful again
sure that you have changed your mind now
at least I hope for what you may have
thought it was useless actually there
I assure you it will come in handy
especially if you are playing maybe
hard core or you have to be
be careful what you do since
I really think it could cost you
the game is a distraction especially
all the red catechetes after that is if
die maybe you lost a world was later
started getting pissed off but this fad
as I said, then it comes to you
I will not dwell too much I hope that
so you enjoyed it even though it wasn't
it has nothing special but you are looking for
to understand that the 1.4.2 exit from
relatively little therefore practically
almost all the fashions are still at the
1.3.2 so I have no possibility to do
1.4.2 the other firm because we do not
are the fashions and except these here that
they are quite basic so I don't
dwell too we feel a next
moder view and hello to all